CS 2104 Final Project

Overview:
This program takes an input .pdb file representing a protein and all the atoms that compose it.  
The program searches through the file for void spaces.  It then distinguishes between normal
void spaces and cavities (void spaces entirely closed off from the outside of the protein).  It
then outputs a new .pdb that has the cavities filled in.  It also prints to the console a visual
representation of the protein, a list of the cavities and their x, y, and z coordinates, and the
number of probe spheres that can fit within these cavities.

Compilation Instructions:
When the program is run, it will either use the parameters defined in main method, where the first
element is the input file, the second element is the output file, the third element is the probe
sphere radius, and the final element is the resolution of the voxels. If no parameters are defined,
the console will prompt the user to input an input .pdb file (which must be in the directory), the 
desired name for the output .pdb file, the desired probe sphere radius in Angstroms, and the 
resolution of the voxels.  The following format is used: "input.pdb output.pdb 0.25 0.25"

Output:
The program outputs the original .pdb file with the data for the filled in cavities added at the
end of the file.  This file can be viewed in a text editor, and it can be opened with a molecular
visualization system like pyMOL.  In pyMOL the exterior of the protein should appear the same,
however after removing the exterior layers, the newly added spheres can be seen within the cavity.
To help with testing and improve ease of use for the client, the program also prints to the console
a visual representation of the protein, where each square represents one "slice" along the z-axis.
In this output, a 1 represents a voxel containing an atom, and a 0 represents a void space.  The
console also prints out a list of all the cavities in the protein and their respective x, y, and z
coordinates.  It also prints out the number of probe spheres that can fit within the cavities.

Authors: John Heberle, Woody McIlhenny, Zach King, Matt Schaefer
